    This plugin creates a select widget wrapped that can be refreshed via ajax without resetting
    the entire form. It also provides an "add new" button that allows users to add a new item to 
    the table that populates the select widget via ajax. The widget is then automatically refreshed 
    via ajax so that the new item is visible as a select option and can be chosen. All of this 
    happens without a page or form refresh so that data entered in other fields is not lost or submitted.

    Usage: In a web2py model file, import this class and then apply it as
    the widget-factory for one or more db fields. To do this for a field named
    'author' from a table named 'notes' you would add this line somewhere in
    the model file:

    db.notes.author.widget = lambda field, value: AjaxSelect(field, value, 'authors', {optional argument}).widget()

    Note that the third argument passed to AjaxSelect should be the name of the
    table *referenced by the current field*. In this example, the field 'author'
    references the table 'authors'. So the third argument in this case is 'authors'.

    Optional arguments:
    refresher (True/False; defaults to True):a button to manually refresh the select
    widget via ajax.

    adder (True/False; defaults to True): a button to add a new record to the linked
    table that populates the select widget.

    Future functionality (not yet implemented):

    restricted ({fieldname}): adds a dynamic constraint on the records displayed in the
    select widget. When the specified form field (within the same form) has its value
    changed, this select will be refreshed and its displayed records filtered
    accordingly. Note that this is only useful if {fieldname} references values shared
    with the linked table.

    restrictor ({fieldname}): makes this select widget acts as a constraint on the content
    of another select widget in the same table. When the value of this select is
    changed, the available values in the {fieldname} widget will be filtered and that
    widget updated via ajax.
